[SWOOSH]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Sébastien Martin,
a retired chairman of the board
of a multinational business
who has participated in covert
remote viewing assignments
for a CIA analyst.
Today, we are talking about
the dark pyramid of Alaska.
Welcome to the show, Sébastien.
>> SEBASTIEN MARTIN: Thank you,
Emery, for having me again.
>> EMERY: So what is this
Alaskan dark pyramid?
>> MARTIN: Well, I really was
involved in remote viewing
for a long time.
And I was introduced to this
Iraqi stargate that was made out
of this core earth material.
And therefore, I was
also asked to remote view
a structure in Alaska,
which basically was
comprised of the same material.
And I did see it
with my own eyes,
obviously, using
remote viewing, but I
was told that this structure was
known to other people and also
the SSP.
So through my work and the
people I was communicating with,
one of the SSP officers
who went to Alaska
to see the dark pyramid
talked about it to the people
I'm in touch with.
And that man is called James.
We called him James.
But he basically had very
interesting information
to talk about it, saying that
the pyramid was created out
of that same earth
material that got extracted
from the inner earth
and built on site
in that cave or structure, I
guess, that was dug or created.
It was not originally hollow.
It was created to place
that structure there.
And so I did ask,
when did that happen?
And he said 275,000 years ago.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> MARTIN: So the Anunnaki were
the ones who did all of this
work.
The same people
that were involved
with the stargate in
Iraq had this structure
built for their own purpose.
And so--
>> EMERY: And the
same material--
>> MARTIN: The same material.
>> EMERY: --as the stargate?
>> MARTIN: Yes, exactly
the same material.
>> EMERY: And how
large is this pyramid?
And where in Alaska is it?
>> MARTIN: It's huge.
It's bigger than
the Giza pyramids.
>> EMERY: Oh, wow.
>> MARTIN: It's massive.
And it's a massive conductor.
And I was wondering, what's the
main purpose of this structure?
And you probably
have seen footage
of UFOs coming out of erupting
volcanoes or these sort
of things right around the
world, like Japan and so on.
And to some extent,
that still occurs.
They are still using the plasma
energy from those volcanoes
to regenerate their crafts,
and they store them down there.
Same thing happens
with the pyramid,
but for larger motherships that
don't fit within those craters.
>> EMERY: Is this an active
working pyramid for current
motherships?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
And the function
of those pyramids
is very different than the
craters from volcanoes,
is that they can send
out a beam of energy
into space, not on earth, into
space, that can be refueling
those crafts that won't even be
seen by our current satellites,
completely sheltered
and protected
from any kind of
visions from earth.
And so they regenerate their
crafts from those energy
beams on earth.
And I don't really
know many other sources
like the dark pyramid in Alaska.
But we have events,
situations that--
how do we know
about this pyramid?
I'm talking about something
that I've experienced
through the people I know.
But I didn't know much
about it beforehand.
So in the 1970s or since
the 1970s, for some reason,
a lot of disappearances and
events happened around that
Alaskan triangle, which is close
to Mount Denali and Mount Grace.
>> EMERY: And where
is the pyramid.
>> MARTIN: The pyramid
is close to Mount Denali,
so deep underground.
>> EMERY: Oh, it's underground.
>> MARTIN: Oh, yes.
>> EMERY: Is it completely
buried or is there a space
around it?
>> MARTIN: Yes, it's buried.
It can only be accessed through
different shafts or tunnels.
>> EMERY: Oh, you
physically can get to it.
>> MARTIN: Oh, yes, of course.
Yes.
Army personnel use the
space on a regular basis.
So to what extent is
it to help the SSP?
Those people have access from
different US bases in Alaska.
I know of a few
locations or a few shafts
where you can enter in.
You go really deep underground.
I don't know.
It's probably, like,
25 stories deep.
And the pyramid being so huge
and having different access
doors, you even have various
accesses to get to the pyramid.
It's not like you
just go down a shaft--
>> EMERY: Go down a shaft--
>> MARTIN: --straight
into the pyramid.
No, you have different
doors blocking the access
to the pyramid, massive
doors, like metallic doors.
>> EMERY: Who's in control
of the security of the Black
Pyramid?
>> MARTIN: The SSP
uses the space,
but the US Army controls it.
Obviously, the government, the
US government has access to it.
And it might seem
far-fetched or something,
but they also have access to the
bases, so they can send food.
Obviously, these people working
down there have to be fed.
They have to wash their clothes.
They have the whole system.
>> EMERY: A huge
logistic issue, right?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
And as you know,
there are some tunnels
all across the US and Canada.
And Alaska is obviously
filled with those tunnels too.
So you have various accesses
to that pyramid complex.
But a lot of human
personnel goes through that.
And they can go
through with cars
and everything that's large
enough, trucks, you name it.
So it's not like a--
just a one-man shaft
that can just go in, and
that's the only access.
No, it's not.
>> EMERY: Why were you asked
to remote view this pyramid?
>> MARTIN: So as part
of my training, I guess,
or when I was being tested,
and then I was told about
the stargate.
For me to understand
the type of material,
I was given that as a
reference point at the time.
And it was not something
they wanted to elaborate on.
It only came years later
when I asked more about it
that I got more information.
But at the time, I knew
very little about it.
I just knew that,
OK, it existed.
But as to know about its
function, or who was in charge
or who was doing with
this, I had no idea.
I knew nothing about it.
So it was for me to be more
familiar with the material
itself.
Very basic stuff.
It was not elaborate.
It was just like, view
this, see it exists,
and see if you can relate
it to the stargate.
And I didn't know much
about the Anunnaki either.
It's something that
I got introduced to.
And that's basically how I
knew that the pyramid existed,
and I could see it
in its full glory.
But I could feel its
energy the same way
as I could feel the same
energy from the stargate.
And it was a very
vibrant energy for me.
I don't know if the
personnel working there
would feel the same way, if they
would have the same feedback.
Because as a remote
viewer, when you go there,
you access different types
of energies and frequencies
than most people.
And so I'm not quite sure
how those kind of energies
will affect the
personnel on site.
The way it affected me,
the way I could feel--
I could feel this intelligence
emanating from it almost.
It was not just a
basic frequency.
It was something that
was almost like living.
>> EMERY: How many times
have you been there?
>> MARTIN: Just the once.
>> EMERY: OK.
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
>> EMERY: So you
mentioned the Anunnaki.
Who told you about the Anunnaki
was in control of the pyramid?
Or built the pyramid.
I'm sorry.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
So the operative
I was working with
told me when I questioned
or had more questions
about the stargate in Iraq.
She mentioned that
the pyramid was
created by the same people,
which is the Anunnaki.
And the history of it
came from her as well.
>> EMERY: And this operative
is the CIA officer?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
She was obviously working
for the Department
of Defense and Department
of State and so on.
Yeah.
>> EMERY: You mentioned
the Alaskan triangle.
What is that?
>> MARTIN: So the Alaskan-- or
what is known as the Alaskan
triangle is--
it's kind of an area of
pretty much like the Bermuda
Triangle, where you have
people disappearing.
In fact, double the average
of disappearance in America
happens in Alaska.
So it's double the national
average-- that's very unusual--
since the 1970s.
>> EMERY: Hmm.
>> MARTIN: So a lot
of people disappear.
And I'm talking about
regular people, civilians,
military personnel.
>> EMERY: So not on a
plane or a boat, just--
>> MARTIN: Oh, airplanes could
also disappeared there, too.
They have disappeared.
People try to search for them.
And they couldn't find them.
There was even a story
of a man who went
searching for the Dark Pyramid.
And he vanished.
>> EMERY: Why are
people disappearing?
>> MARTIN: I believe it's to
do with many different factors.
One, people could
simply get lost simply
because they lose
their own orientation.
The pyramid itself
generates a frequency
that will completely mess up
with the regular compasses.
So the needle will just go
around and around and around.
And the airplanes crashed
in that location pretty much
like the Bermuda Triangle.
Same idea.
They would crash
because they don't
know where they are anymore.
>> EMERY: So what was discovered
by the US seismologist in 1992
with that Chinese
nuclear explosion?
>> MARTIN: Right.
So first of all, we
have to go back to 1982,
when China was criticized for
detonating their nuclear bombs
above ground.
So they started detonating
their bombs below ground.
And so in 1992, they detonated,
I believe, a one-megaton bomb
underground, which got seen by
the seismologists in America.
They could feel the
detonation underground.
And while they were observing
those events on the needle,
they could see that there was
a cavity underneath Alaska
that they never knew about.
That's a story that, to me, is
very controversial, because we
don't have the
actual confirmation
that such event happened.
We know about the
nuclear bomb from China.
We don't know much about
the seismologist describing
these events.
Doug Mutschler or
Mutschler, who was working
for the counter-intelligence
agencies and apparently
was working in Alaska
and saw a broadcast
on his television set
at the base talking
about the Dark Pyramid.
>> EMERY: Oh, goodness.
>> MARTIN: And so he basically
went to ask the local TV
station.
And they said, no, we don't
know what you are talking about.
And the program apparently
got aired and then got
destroyed and removed
by the Men in Black.
>> EMERY: Oh, wow.
>> MARTIN: And so he came
up with a story that said,
this is how I knew about this.
>> EMERY: Is that a
disinformation story maybe or--
>> MARTIN: I believe it
could potentially be.
As to why, to maybe tell--
>> EMERY: Who would
be telling him that?
>> MARTIN: It's mostly the
Chinese, I believe, at the time.
I think he just wanted to
scare the Chinese about what
kind of technology that they
uncovered through this blast,
and what they could use
to their own advantage.
But at the end of the
day, the only events
that occurred in 1992, which
is when that bomb exploded,
was an actual cavity on
a small island that was
discovered underneath Alaska.
But we're looking at the core
of the Earth, which is way deep.
It's not the same situation.
Yes, there was a mass
that was discovered
in 1982 through the
release of his bomb,
but it was not as far-fetched
as a dark pyramid underground
Alaska.
And it would have
definitely not aired
on national television
or local television.
>> EMERY: No way.
>> MARTIN: So I don't--
I had many question
marks about that myself.
Is it that somehow
this man wanted
to talk about the
Dark Pyramid somewhat,
just because he knew
of its existence,
but not through the same way?
I don't think the
situation really occurred.
I think the whole
story is far-fetched
and not based on anything.
But I do believe that
the structure exists.
I've seen it with my own
eyes using remote viewing.
>> EMERY: So there's
this anonymous testimony.
We'll call him John Smith, the
Western Electric engineer guy.
>> MARTIN: Right, yes.
>> EMERY: So he allegedly claims
to have worked at the Dark
Pyramid.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> EMERY: Can you
tell us about this?
>> MARTIN: Well, for all we
know, this is, I believe,
what Linda Moulton Howe--
as a whistleblower.
This man reached out
to her through emails
and called himself John Smith
and that his dad was actually
working for General Electric
and went to the Dark Pyramid.
He was hired to work there.
And he described himself
going through this shaft,
going underground, and
seeing this Dark Pyramid.
It's, again, a story that we
heard from someone somewhat
anonymous who
provided information
about their own dad,
who may have been there.
We don't really know
about the paperwork,
if it's even genuine
either or not.
I have many question
marks about that too.
To the extent that the
events that he described,
like the metallic
doorways I mentioned,
he mentioned it as well.
I believe that there was
some kind of truth, again,
to the events.
But the situation or
the people involved
may have been different.
I believe it may have
been from someone else
that that person knew,
not necessarily the dad.
It could have been a story
that he heard, but not
from a firsthand experience.
>> EMERY: What did you see?
Did you ever look in the
pyramid, remote viewing?
>> MARTIN: So I did not
look inside the pyramid.
I could see around
the structure.
So I could see
people moving around.
I saw vehicles.
When I remote
viewed the place, I
saw vehicles driving
around the pyramid.
So the surface, the ground
is pretty smooth and flat.
You have imagined having rocks
around and stuff like that.
But the space itself around the
pyramid is fairly large as well.
>> EMERY: Has to be--
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> EMERY: --enormous because
we're talking about larger than
the pyramid of Giza.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
What I'm saying is
the walls around
it were like mountain rock.
It was not smooth, like from
an actual surface from--
like a building that's
been erected there.
It was built directly
inside the rock structure.
And it was going all the way up.
I couldn't even
see the top of it.
But the surface, the flat,
the floor, was very manicured.
It was almost like
they poured concrete.
And they have an
infrastructure right there.
And they had buildings
all around it.
>> EMERY: Sebastien,
for the audience,
we're talking about a
pyramid bigger than Giza.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> EMERY: 25 floors down
from the surface of Alaska.
And there is space around it.
Let's talk about this.
Because that means
there's a roof in here,
a ceiling of some sort And
how far from the pyramid
is there space?
Because you mentioned buildings.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
Yes.
It's kind of a dome structure.
So the pyramid
itself has a base.
And from the base, it
extends on all sides
and mostly on the left
and the right-hand side,
from my viewpoint
as a remote viewer.
I could see that there was
a rock wall in a dome shape.
And it was basically
going all the way up
to the top of the pyramid.
Where I was standing
from my viewpoint
was basically where
the structures,
the buildings were slightly
above the pyramid, so built up.
So people would have office
spaces and lab technicians
and army personnel.
All of these people
were on that side.
But there were also
some structures
on the right-hand side
from my viewpoint.
So from the side
of the pyramid--
you could imagine the
pyramid like this.
And you could see some of
the structures down below.
So you could access, too,
by going through stairs
or an elevator shaft.
But the complex where
I was looking from
was definitely more structured
with different office spaces
and canteens and everything.
So just on that side--
>> EMERY: And a road,
you said, as well.
>> MARTIN: The road-- yeah.
So not so much of a
road around the pyramid.
It was definitely more
like a flat surface
that the vehicles
could go around.
There was no--
I couldn't see any lines like
roadways anywhere on the ground.
So those vehicles were mostly
moving personnel from place
to place around the
pyramid and so on.
I do believe that the
frequency of the force that
is around that pyramid could
affect the people working there.
So they have
massive protections.
The glass panel that I could see
from a viewpoint from the inside
was pretty thick.
So it was definitely protecting
them from certain frequency
or radiation or--
I don't know what it is.
But they definitely
were trying to create
a division between the
pyramid and themselves.
So around the pyramid--
you have to imagine that
this structure has been there
for 275,000 years.
But since then, and
from my viewpoint,
I was seeing that structure
with modern technology
from regular housing
facilities and office spaces
from the humans working there.
So they built those
places to facilitate
their work around the pyramid.
That's basically what I saw.
>> EMERY: What are
the entrances like?
How do you get
into this facility?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
So there are different
entrances that you have,
man-made shafts that
are close to the pyramid
that people use to go in
and out of the facility
as well, more like an
emergency exit kind of thing.
But most of the in-and-outs
of the pyramid structures
is actually from different bases
and underground tunnels that
could go for hundreds of miles.
So Fort Wainwright has an access
point that is used by the SSP,
but also by US Army
personnel to provide food
to these people that
work there every day.
>> EMERY: Is it a road?
Is it a maglev train?
Is it--
>> MARTIN: It's a tunnel.
>> EMERY: --some
sort of technology--
>> MARTIN: There's tunnel.
No, there's a
tunnel access point
that you can go
there with trucks.
Not so much-- railroads are
more deeper underground.
And that's-- those ones are used
are the railways on one line,
and they go super fast.
Those access points
are not from Alaska.
They are from the mainland US.
>> EMERY: Oh, wow.
All right.
>> MARTIN: What you have
to realize is recently,
the Chinese tried to
infiltrate Fort Wainwright.
They went in, they said,
oh, we're just tourists,
and we're just trying
to take pictures.
They literally barged in
through the security checkpoint
and tried to use a
drone to film the base,
around the base to find
out about the entry point.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> MARTIN: That's real.
That's went into the news.
>> EMERY: That's pretty ballsy.
>> MARTIN: So obviously, we
know that the Chinese try to--
since the 1992 event,
they tried to know more
about the Alaskan pyramid.
And so they are trying
to find out more about it
and see how they can spy on it.
>> EMERY: That's
going to be difficult.
>> MARTIN: Well,
yeah, of course.
It's almost impossible
for them to access it,
but they always try.
>> EMERY: How many Chinese
remote viewers are there?
>> MARTIN: A lot.
The Chinese government
have used that technology
since the beginning
of remote viewing,
and before that, even
with the Russians,
when they were working on it.
So obviously, when the
Russians worked on it,
the Chinese worked on
it, and then the US
decided to start
their own program
with the stargate program.
Yeah, they started before them.
Yeah.
>> EMERY: Can you explain the
plasma energy that's given off
by the Dark Pyramid that's
loading ships and what else are
they using it for?
>> MARTIN: I believe that's the
main purpose is to regenerate
those motherships in space.
The same technology was
used with the Giza pyramids.
In fact, the Chinese
actually have
decided to talk
about those orbs that
disrupted their own satellite
signals from the Giza pyramid
plateau that were
seen and observed
and are constantly, routinely
being observed in that location.
So obviously, they know
there's something going on.
It also made the news because
they talked about it themselves.
So the Alaskan pyramid does not
produce the same disturbances
for satellites or anything
else because, one,
it's in a very remote location,
not a very touristic locations
like the Giza pyramids.
And two is because it has
a whole different purpose
on a larger scale where,
when they make it functional,
they make sure that there is
nothing interfering with what's
in space in between.
It's very timed.
And they have to be
careful in the use of it
because it's very powerful.
>> EMERY: So how is this energy
from the Black Pyramid used
and controlled?
>> MARTIN: Well, so they
obviously generate that energy
from the pyramid.
And how they can
send a signal up
is all to do with
science, I guess,
where they were able
to reverse engineer
to send off that energy beam.
Now, what we talk about,
what has never been asked,
is that the motherships
was used by the Anunnaki.
So why are they
using it for today?
>> EMERY: And can we harvest
that and use it for us?
>> MARTIN: Well, that's exactly
what they're using it for today.
>> EMERY: Oh, they are?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
That same energy is used
today for motherships.
But they are not
Anunnaki anymore.
Today, they're the SSP.
>> EMERY: The SSP.
>> MARTIN: Yes, because
they know it's functional.
They reverse-engineered
the technology.
They were able to
understand how that worked.
>> EMERY: Does the
SSP have a mothership?
>> MARTIN: Yes, of course.
>> EMERY: How many?
>> MARTIN: Hundreds.
I don't know exactly, but
it's not in the thousands.
>> EMERY: And they're utilizing
this pyramid for the refueling.
>> MARTIN: One of them, yes.
I mean, they have
different technologies.
>> EMERY: Sure.
>> MARTIN: The older version
of the SSP is actually using
the plasma technology to
regenerate their ships.
They have more, better
technologies today
that they also
reverse engineered
from other downed crafts
that they are using today.
>> EMERY: Sebastien, thank
you for coming on the show.
You're a wealth of information.
>> MARTIN: Well, thank
you for having me again.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith,
and this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]